Subtitles by explosiveskull
Sync by GoldenBeard
Hey. Jose.
The way you drive around
in this taco wagon.
you'd think
you'd want to be deported.
Okay. culero.
Yeah.
Oh. here he comes now.
Fashionably late. Earl.
Helen. Helen. Helen.
You look sensational.
Sensational.
Aw. You look
pretty good yourself.
It's been a long time.
I brought you
a little something
from my latest cultivar.
Oh! You charming old devil.
This is lovely.
Yes. I'll sign in right here.
Hi.
- Okay.
- So talented.
Tim Kennedy.
My God.
As I live and breathe.
I thought you were dead.
No such luck. I guess.
Let me tell you something.
Did anyone ever tell you
you're a bit
of an asshole. Earl?
- All the time.
- Even in Spanish.
- Yeah. okay.
Oh. ladies.
You're on the wrong floor.
Third floor
is the beauty pageant.
Oh. Earl.
It's literally so easy.
My niece set this up for me.
You just click one button
and you can buy
whatever you want.
With one click from home.
you get a choice of everything
on our line.
All the information is sent
and the flowers arrive to you
just two days later.
The first person to sign up
gets a 20% discount
off their first order.
Internet. Who needs it?
There you go.
- Hi. Earl. They're beautiful.
- All right.
Here. you get some.
And here. you take these.
Thanks. Earl.
Oh. you're most welcome.
You're most welcome.
Yes. ma'am.
Here's some. And for you.
Yeah. you're most welcome.
- Earl!
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
You'd think I'm giving away
free Viagra or something.
What's going on here?
- Thanks. Earl.
- I'll take one. Earl!
I'll take one. too.
I just... A wonderful thing
you're doing here today.
Earl. is that Jimmy Stewart?
And now.
the moment
we've all been waiting for.
The NDL 2005
Gold Medal winner is
Earl Stone.
with his Sunnyside Meadows'
Illinois Majestic daylily.
Earl!
- Congratulations again. Earl.
- Thank you.
No booing. no booing.
Thank you very much.
And rather than give a long.
boring speech.
I just wanted to tell you
a little joke. And that's...
Why did the horticulturist
walk across the hotel lobby?
Why?
'Cause he wanted
to get to the bar.
and that's exactly
where I'm headed.
Thank you!
Where is he?
He'll be here. right?
Don't hold your breath. honey.
Grandpa Earl will be here.
He promised.
Oh. my poor girls.
There's no sign of him.
Well. he'll be here.
It's my wedding day.
I love you. Iris. I do.
But you have to face facts.
Your father has always
chose work over family.
He missed your baptism.
your confirmation.
your graduation.
Countless birthdays.
Not to mention
most of our anniversaries.
I think I'm going to be sick.
Who's gonna give Mommy away?
Oh. well...
- Oh. honey. my sweet Ginny.
- Iris.
Hon. Can we have
another little reload here?
Another Crown Royal. Earl?
Yeah. In fact.
get the whole bar one.
Them. too? The wedding party?
Them. too.
All right.
A round for everybody on Earl!
I'll drink to that.
Okay.
Here you go. amigos.
Sorry it couldn't be more.
Damn Internet.
it ruins everything.
So what are you gonna do?
I don't know. I've never been
a plan-B type of guy.
- Gracias. amigo.
- My pleasure.
Thank you.
I'll find something.
Gracias.
Grandpa Earl! You're here!
Yeah. Hey. Ginny.
You look wonderful.
I knew you'd make it
to the pre-wedding brunch.
Oh. I'm so excited.
Is everything okay?
Oh. yeah.
don't worry about that.
That's just a minor setback.
- It'll be just fine.
- Okay. Well. come on in.
I don't care what they say.
You're always welcome.
Come on.
Okay.
All right. you first.
I just gotta grab
something inside.
then I'll introduce you
to everybody.
Ooh.
Oh. my God.
You saved all my cards.
Ever since
the first one you sent me.
when I was nine.
It was the Corn Palace?
Um... Okay.
I want you to meet Mike.
Okay? He's my fiance.
Don't forget.
Fiance. All right.
Okay. fiance.
You need help with that?
It's fine. Thank you.
- Mom.
- Jesus.
I'm sorry. sweetie.
I can't stay if he's here.
- I'll wait in the car. Mom.
- No. Honey.
Honey.
Oh. well. of course.
You're not here because of
the wedding. No. no.
You're here because you had
nowhere else to go.
Again!
And you promised Ginny you'd
help pay for the wedding.
It's fine. Grandma.
We can just make it BYOB.
No. it's not fine.
It's never been fine.
Why don't you
knock it off?
Oh. man. he's in deep shit.
Just stop it.
Come back doing the same
old shit all the time.
How dare you come in here
and make all this fuss
right here in front of her.
Because you weren't there
for your own daughter.
and now you're letting
down your granddaughter?
But it's no big surprise.
you know why?
Yeah. why?
You were never a real father
or a husband.
I was on the road
60 hours a week
to provide for this family.
What the hell
are you talking about?
On the road providing?
Ha! You know what you do?
You play with your friends.
You sit around and hand
each other trophies
- for watching seeds sprout.
- Trophies?
- Mr. Daylily.
- You fucking...
Ginny. come here. please.
Oh. my God. I'm so sorry.
It's okay. Grandma.
Thank you.
Oh. I'm so sorry. darling.
They did the alterations.
I'll see you next week.
sweet girl.
Thank you. Grandma.
I'm sorry. darling. I'm sorry.
I'll be going.
Be right back.
Bitch. Bitch.
Hey. man.
Weddings make everyone crazy.
Always some kind of drama.
Yeah. You got that right.
Looks like you covered
some ground in your day.
Yeah.
Forty-one states out of 50.
Never had a ticket. nothing.
Just drive.
I never had a problem.
This old truck is great.
Got a good record.
- No tickets. huh?
- Nah-uh.
Never had one.
Ever in my life.
I've never had one.
My grandpa was
a real road warrior. too.
He loved to drive.
Yeah. Well.
let's hear it for gramps.
I'm Richard. Rico.
I'm a friend of one of
Ginny's bridesmaids.
Yeah. okay. Rico.
My name's Earl.
Hey. Earl. you know.
if you're really stuck...
I know some people who would
pay you to just drive.
one city to another.
Pay me to just drive?
What do you get
out of it. slick?
All I'm saying is.
I have friends
looking for cautious drivers
like you.
Yeah.
You could help
your granddaughter.
All righty.
Huh.
Just drive.
Okay. All right.
It says "tire shop."
but which one?
Hola. I'm Earl.
Hola. hola. Earl.
Where do you want us to
cut the compartment. huh?
Under the seat?
The wheel well?
Do what to the compartment?
Cut up your truck.
What are you talking about?
Cutting up the...
Look. nobody's gonna cut up
this truck. understand?
Put whatever you want
right back there.
next to the golf clubs.
It'll be safe.
No problem.
You're fucking crazy. huh?
Yeah.
- Take it.
- What's this?
You answer this.
day or night...
But you don't call anyone.
When you get to the drop.
someone will text you.
Text?
You know how to text?
Well...
Hold on to the phone.
If it rings. you answer. Here.
When you get to the hotel.
park your truck.
Put the keys
in the glove compartment.
Then come back in an hour.
Your money
will be in the glove
compartment with the keys.
Do you understand?
Si. si.
I understand.
But what would happen
if somebody steals the money
or my truck?
No one will fuck with it.
We got eyes everywhere.
viejito.
Oye. viejito.
Do yourself a favor.
Don't look in that bag.
You might think
you can identify us.
or know
about this tire shop.
but don't forget.
we know who you are.
Comprende.
I'm not gonna look
in anybody's bag.
Okay. papa.
Thank you.
Come on.
Adios!
Welcome to the team.
Agent Bates.
Thank you. sir.
Go ahead and have a seat.
So. how's your family
adjusting to the move?
Do they like the city?
I'm assuming
you don't want the truth.
No.
Listen. you made some
big cases in New York and D.C.
and I'm expecting you
to do the same thing here.
- Yes. sir.
- Good.
No one wants to sit through
these long Chicago winters
but we got crime
coming out of our ass.
That's how
you get out of here.
Work hard. make cases.
make busts. make your name.
Then maybe you can move on.
Well. that's the best news
I've heard all week.
Good.
Now get out there and make
a splash. Special Agent.
Yes. sir.
Agent Bates?
- Agent Trevino?
- Yes. sir.
- Pleasure.
- So. I'll be your number one.
- Yeah. I heard. It's an honor.
- Yeah.
- Uh. how you feeling?
- I feel good.
Ready to make a big splash?
- He says that to everybody.
- Yeah. he does.
That's all right.
So your office is out here.
to the right.
Well. I'm not gonna spend
too much time there.
Hopefully not.
Jesus
says that he came to seek
and save that which is lost.
Jesus. it's like the Star Wars
cantina in there.
Yeah. it's where
all the homies hang out.
It doesn't look
like a TED Talks.
It's my kid's.
He helps me pack.
You got kids?
Yeah. five of 'em.
Five. How do you make
that work in a job like this?
We just make it work.
Ah. the plot thins.
- Why's that?
- This is our guy.
Yeah.
Right there.
Shit.
Oh. shit.
- Yeah?
- You did good.
Supposed to tell you
to call this number
any time you need work.
all right?
Here you go.
No. no. no. no. This is just
a one-time deal for me.
Well. I tell you what. man.
why don't you call us
if you change your mind?
You know what I'm saying?
Here you go. Take the number.
Here.
Why don't you save that
for a rainy day?
Yeah.
Yeah. a rainy day. Okay.
All right. let's go. Come on.
Let's move it up out of here.
All right.
It's the starter.
the starter's pretty ratty.
Let's go. Come on.
Back it up.
All right. I got it.
Everybody's
on their cell phone.
It's becoming an epidemic.
What do you think
you're doing?
Who the hell are you guys?
My name is
Special Agent Colin Bates.
this is Agent Trevino.
We're with the Drug
Enforcement Administration.
And you're Luis Rocha.
And we're here
to save your life.
I beg your pardon?
We're gonna make sure
your cartel doesn't know
you're working for the DEA.
I'm not working for the DEA.
No. but that's what they'll
think if you don't.
so welcome aboard.
Wait. I don't know
what you're talking about.
- I like the Tahitian Pearl.
- Mmm.
- It's got. like. a nice sheen.
Think about it. Luis.
We got a warrant
to search your house.
What?
Yeah.
we'll see you there.
Hi. I'm gonna interrupt
for a second.
- I'm sorry.
- He's yours.
Hi. everyone.
Before I get over-served...
...we'd just like to take
a moment
to say thank you. Um...
Mom.
I love you.
- Aw.
- I love you so much.
Grandma Mary.
thank you so. so much
for everything
that you've done.
Um... Oh.
And to my Grandpa Earl.
who brought the flowers.
of course.
And covered the open bar.
So. thank you.
Hi.
Hey.
You look lovely tonight.
It's kinda funny.
our granddaughter
getting married.
And we worried all those years
about her finding Mr. Right.
Earl. why do you think
you could just sit down
and expect me to forget
about the past and
reminisce about old times?
Well. we had 10 good years.
We can still be civil.
Care to dance?
You always liked this tune.
I do.
No. I can't. I just can't.
I can't.
I see you're still
into your flowers.
Yeah.
I never understood
how you could spend
so much time
and money on them.
I love 'em.
I mean. they're unique.
They just bloom one day
and that's the end of it.
They deserve
all the time and effort.
So did your family.
Not bad. viejito.
not bad.
Damn!
Badass. right there.
New ride. Nice.
Yeah. Badass is right.
- Yeah.
- This is beautiful.
Yeah. the old one
finally quit on me.
Hey. Earl.
- Got a little present for you.
- Oh.
Oh. what's in that?
Your jale. old man.
Your cargo.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
All right.
Hey. what's going on.
big poppa?
Yeah. good.
Just everything good.
I'm just on the road again.
- You're king pimping. huh?
- Uh-huh. yeah.
Kind of like that.
- Yeah?
- Same as before.
It rings. you answer.
Day or night.
Yeah. well. you know.
I've got this other one
from before. too.
- Oh. yeah. Let me see.
- Yeah.
- Yep.
- Ah. I see.
Hey. that was
a perfectly good phone.
What's going on?
Earl. you throw
your phone away
when your run is done.
I don't suppose you learned
how to text yet either. huh?
Uh. I can text.
I'll be able to.
Next time you see me.
I'll be texting.
Texting my brains out.
Okay.
Looking good. abuelito.
Hey. Earl.
Yeah?
Same hotel as before.
Yeah. same hotel.
I'll be there.
Okay.
Vamos.
1980 Shovelhead.
I ran one of those things
into the ground.
It'll probably be
the relay. son.
Who you calling "son"?
Oh. you're gals. huh?
Gals? Come on. old-timer.
we're dykes on bikes.
No shit.
Okay. well.
So. you think
that's the issue? The relay?
It's a good early check.
It'll be the relay.
Thanks. Pops.
You're welcome. dykes.
- You crazy motherfucker.
- Crazy old man.
Think about our offer. amigo?
Uh. no. And I'm Filipino.
not Mexican.
Oh. Well. that's a good thing.
It'll be harder for the cartel
to get to your family.
Why do you think
I'd work for you guys?
I mean. we found drugs.
$425.000 in cash
and three unlicensed firearms
in your house.
so I mean. that's a start.
Not to mention fraud.
tax evasion. money laundering.
state and federal drug laws
you've broken.
I mean. conservatively.
I'd say
you're looking at back-to-back
life sentences.
And I'm no psychic. but...
Looking at your manicured
nails and your exfoliated skin
and your scented candles.
I don't think you're gonna
fare too well in prison.
Oh. it's definitely
bitch material.
You'd be somebody's girlfriend
in a day.
You wouldn't like that.
would you?
And that's before
the cartel gets to you.
So. what do you think. Luis?
Are we gonna be friends?
What do I do?
Just do your job.
go back to work.
be a good cartel employee
and answer my calls
day and night.
- Okay.
- Good.
The foreclosure
will be canceled
with your
reinstatement payment.
Plus late fees
and incidentals.
You said you had cash?
Yeah.
Right here.
Okay.
Piece of shit. Motherfucker.
The hell happened here? Fire?
Yeah. in the kitchen.
Nobody got hurt.
Oh. good.
I'll have pancakes. then.
Yeah. Yeah.
Unfortunately. the insurance
company's jerking us around.
We might not see
any money for years.
Yeah.
Well. I've been coming here
since '58.
This place is like
an institution.
I don't know what the hell
the vets are gonna do.
I don't know.
No Sunday night polka parties.
No more meat raffles.
What the hell. pretty soon
it'll be no more VFW.
Yeah. I guess so.
Well. that is unless. uh...
Not unless somebody's got
an extra 25K laying around.
Hmm.
How do. how do. how do.
Bienvenidos. Senor Earl.
Welcome back.
Oh. thank you. thank you.
What's up. big poppa?
Oh. not too much.
not too much.
- Same old. same old.
- Mmm-hmm.
Just on the highway.
What's going on?
Look at this. Wow.
What's in that? That's big.
Don't worry about it.
- Hey. Earl?
- Yeah. Oh. yeah.
- It rings. you do what?
- I answer.
- That's my man. Big poppa.
- Okay.
I got you.
Remember. con cuidado
when you drive.
Just drive safely.
- Okay.
- Si.
Drive safely. All right. Okay.
Hey. Earl.
Keep your eyes open.
- All right. I will.
- All right.
- Okay. All right.
- Vamonos.
Holy shit. Holy shit.
Need help. sir?
Oh. uh... Officer. hi.
Need any help?
Uh. no. no.
I'm fine. thank you.
- What do you got there?
- Uh...
Pecans. I'm delivering pecans
to my niece.
- Pecans?
- Yeah. pecans.
She makes the worst pecan pie
you've ever tasted.
I feel sorry
for her husband. but...
And I feel sorry
for the pecans. too.
I don't know
what's wrong with him now.
but this dog has to pee
every 15 minutes.
Dogs.
Oh. shit.
It's all right. All right.
calm down. Come on.
Hi!
Hi. Hi. doggy! How ya doing?
Take a sniff of that.
I'm sorry. sir.
I'm gonna have to ask you
not to touch the animal.
Oh.
- I'm sorry. Officer.
- It's okay. It's okay. sir.
I had no idea. I'm sorry.
- My Dukie. I miss him so much.
- It's okay. sir.
Dukie. you know.
Dukie just one of those dogs
that everybody loves.
- Drive safely. sir.
- Okay.
- You can go now.
- Yeah. thank you.
You do a great Jimmy Stewart.
by the way.
Yeah. Fuck.
Let me
explain something. Luis.
For you to get
into witness protection.
you're gonna have to
prove your value.
We win. you win.
So we're gonna go
on a little sightseeing tour.
See what kind of value
you can offer.
- You understand?
- Yeah.
Good. Got you a latte.
This is where it start.
not just here. but dozens
of hotels across the city.
Mules come in from
various locations. loaded.
leave their vehicles.
someone takes the vehicles.
removes the load.
and returns it
with the mule's payment.
At 121. there's a guy outside.
What's going on here?
121 is ours.
He's just there
to make sure that
they keep an eye on the vans
that come in and out.
What else?
Fuck me.
Oh. shit.
Okay. All right.
just settle down. boy.
Settle down.
All right!
How about putting
your hands together.
make a little bit of noise
for Mollie-B
and her polka band.
And a nice thank you
for Earl Stone.
VFW Post 6330 owes this man
a debt of gratitude.
So put your hands together
again for Earl.
What do you say?
Earl! Earl!
Now how about shelling out
another bundle
to fix the ice-skating rink
up at the old rec center?
Ice rink?
Okay.
Pull!
That old man's
gonna make a full run for us.
Hundred and ten kilos.
It's $2.7 million.
He has no record.
He has no traffic tickets.
I need you to travel with him.
to monitor him
because he can become
our top mule.
Monitor him.
you mean babysit. no?
Are you tired
of being the top guy?
Because I can ask
Gustavo here.
He's always eager to step up.
No. no. no. No. I got it.
Have fun with Tata. Julio.
It won't be too bad.
You can always take Sal. Pull!
Who are you?
The boss sent me.
I'm your handler.
We're gonna be with you
the whole trip.
Where are the boys?
Where are the fellas here...
Hey. hey. hey.
Never mind the fellas.
Listen to me.
You've been entrusted
with a very valuable cargo.
and I don't trust you.
You do as you're told.
Take the routes I say.
No unauthorized roads.
no unexpected stops.
My schedule. my timetable.
Is that clear?
You sure you're Mexican?
You're playing
like you're the Fuhrer
- or something like that.
- Uh-huh.
Yes.
Show me your papers
- at the border.
- Yeah.
- Yes. You fucker.
- I'll show you my papers.
Here are my papers.
Don't underestimate
how seriously
I take my work. Mr. Stone.
I've been in combat before.
I'm not intimidated by you.
mocoso.
Sonny.
Hey. Tata. how's it going?
It's going good.
A little bit too long
on the road and everything.
But it's okay.
How's your nephew?
- He's doing a lot better.
- Oh. good.
Thanks for asking. Gracias.
- Yeah. All right.
- Hey. what's up. big poppa?
Okay. All right. Okay.
I was okay with the little
letters and stuff.
but you see. when I come
around to numbers...
Yeah. I can help you
with that. Easy. Mira.
You press on this icon here.
- You see that?
- Yeah.
And it takes you back.
Pay attention now.
- Emilio.
- Julio...
- Is his package ready?
- Si.
Then why are you
standing around?
He just pulled in.
I don't care.
Load the truck now.
Hey. what's up. papito?
How's your old lady?
- I got your papito right here.
- Now! Let's go! Move!
Great. mein Kommandant.
Very good.
Shut up. Shut up!
Mules don't talk.
Somebody ought to cool
his ass down.
Okay. mira. papi.
Pay attention.
You click on the icon here.
all right.
Yeah.
- Numbers pop up. You see that?
- Yeah.
Then you just type "7-7-1.
"Joy Drive." Easy.
- Yeah.
- That's the drop site.
I think I got it.
- Icon pops up. numbers pop up.
- He says he's got it.
Let's go. We're running late.
Let's go. Let's go! Move.
Vamos.
Okay.
Come on.
We don't have all day.
All right.
That's right.
shoot the motherfucker.
I will.
Oh. wow. thank you.
How you folks doing?
Not so good.
We got a flat.
- A flat tire?
- Yeah.
And my husband isn't
too handy. so...
Didn't your daddy teach you
how to change a tire?
No. That's why
I'm googling it.
I don't have any reception.
Yeah. well. that's the trouble
with this generation.
If you can't open a fruit box
without calling
the Internet...
Anyway. you want a hand?
I'll give you a hand.
Oh. okay.
Yeah. come on.
You get the tire out.
we'll fix it up.
Yeah.
- All right.
- Tire's in there. Great.
- Uh...
- Okay. Keep going.
- Okay.
- Ah. here we go.
There it is. Yeah.
Well. this is good.
Helping you Negro folks out.
"Negro"? Sir.
we don't say that anymore.
Yeah. we prefer "black."
- "Black" or "people."
- Or just "people."
Yeah. I'm black. you're white.
No shit.
Yeah. no shit.
Okay. Let me
give you a hand here.
- I'll take the jack.
- Okay.
- You get the tire.
- All right.
You are so sweet.
Hey.
My turn.
Oh. my God.
look at this.
My God.
- Would you like...
- Oh. yes.
This is so nice.
Tata. where are you going?
The hotel is right up here!
Move!
Hey. move! Hey!
Move! Okay.
Where the hell is he?
- Where's he going?
- Over here.
Who the fuck are you.
ruco? Eh?
I'm Earl.
- Earl?
- Yeah. Earl.
Earl who?
I don't know any fucking Earl.
Earl. the driver.
Get your fucking ass
inside. man.
What the fuck
are you doing here. old man?
I'm just bringing in
my load. that's all.
But you're not supposed
to be here.
Look. the address says
right here. Look.
It's 771 Joy Drive.
Okay. Just don't do it again.
Who the fuck are you. pendejo?
I'm his handler.
Then handle him.
He ain't supposed to be here.
I'll take care of it.
Eh?
Who sent you here?
Who gave you this address?
I don't know.
He was a big guy.
Mexican-looking guy.
He had tattoos all over.
Very scary.
at least to this gringo.
Okay. that could be
anyone I know.
What's his name?
I don't know his name.
What do I look like.
Alexander Graham Bell?
I don't even know anything
about texting
and all this shit.
I don't know
whose name is who.
- Okay. Okay.
- They all look
the fucking same.
You're a real pain in my ass.
you know that?
Then go see a proctologist.
Don't bother me.
Stop. Where are you going?
My pecans are in there.
Fuck your pecans.
Let them do their job.
What's up?
Okay. slow down.
What did he do?
He stops wherever he wants.
Eh?
He doesn't
follow my instructions.
He doesn't do
what I tell him to do.
Yesterday he stopped
to see an old friend.
I'm just gonna kill him.
- I won't tolerate...
- Slow down. slow down.
Listen to me. Listen to me.
He moves his own way.
He's been successful.
If he changes his route.
it's probably better for us
'cause then
he's less predictable.
You understand me?
Yeah. but we don't oblige
the other drivers like this.
You need to oblige me.
Understood?
Yeah. understood.
Stay with him.
Make him feel at home.
Other than that...
How you doing?
I'm fine.
Okay. Do your job.
Si. Si.
What do you got?
I'm taking all the risk here.
If they found out that I'm
talking to you guys. I'm dead.
Maybe don't work
with drug dealers.
Got you a latte. Feel better?
So what do you got for us?
I don't know
if I should be doing this.
Oh. what do you got?
What's this?
It's a freight manifest.
What is this? Code?
Symbols for each
of the mules
along with symbols
for their routes.
dates. and cargo loads.
There's this
new drug mule. Tata.
New guy. He's delivered
121 kilos in April.
172 kilos in May.
and then 232 kilos.
Jesus Christ.
Could that be right?
This guy's nickname's.
uh. Tata?
- Is that right?
- Yeah. that's Tata.
That's good. Good work.
I'm just gonna need
to document this.
I gotta get that back before
they know it's gone. though.
So if I can just take it now.
It's just gonna take a second.
so just relax.
You play hard to get
for a snitch.
And you end up
snitching anyway.
I just need...
Just think about
who else you can snitch on
while you're waiting.
No. Come on. I'm just...
Reflect on that.
I'm showing
my worth though. right?
I mean. this is...
You did great.
I know enough
for me to get in.
Here we go.
Good job. thank you.
Get the fuck out of here.
Jesus Christ.
He couldn't wait.
Doesn't know how to
fucking drive. Look at him.
Relax. okay?
We need to trust him.
What else are we gonna do?
We have no other choice.
Okay. Thank you.
There you go.
Everyone keeps looking at us.
Yeah. well. that's 'cause
they see two beaners
in a bowl full of crackers.
Why are we here?
The best pulled pork sandwich
in the whole Midwest.
that's why.
Not bad. huh?
See. what you gotta do is take
more time out. like this.
Enjoy life. Like I do.
Maybe.
Or maybe you enjoyed
the moment a little too much.
Had too much fun.
That's why you're working
for us now.
Best pulled pork sandwich
in the whole wide world.
No more stopping. Tata.
You stay on route.
Losing my patience.
What's your business here?
Hmm?
I ain't gonna ask you again.
What's your business
in my town?
Officer. Officer.
I can vouch for these fellas.
They're actually
working for me.
You know this guy?
Oh. yeah.
I got 'em down at Home Depot.
They came out here. and
they've been helping me move.
Great job.
A lot cheaper than the moving
company. I'll tell you that.
Terrific job.
Yeah. could you come over here
for a second?
There's something
very important
I want to show you
in this truck.
Right here.
Really important.
You'll love this.
I went to a charity and I got
this caramelized corn.
And it is really
terrific stuff.
We can't accept
this kind of stuff.
Oh. you'll be doing me
a great favor. if you would.
I've got diabetes.
I can't have it.
They'd love it
down at the station.
And the gals upstairs.
they'll love it. too.
Thank you for helping me. sir.
All right. sir?
I'm very big
on law enforcement.
Very supportive.
We appreciate what you do.
Yes. Yes.
- Our numbers are down. Special Agent.
- I realize we're down.
The numbers
don't reflect the actuals.
and will be adjusted
by the end of the day.
- Fix 'em and send 'em over...
- Yes. sir. Yes. sir.
Today.
Yes. sir.
What?
Cartel's top mule's
on his way to a drop.
So we know the route.
We know it's a black pickup.
It's a needle in a haystack.
but at least it's a start.
How do we know this?
Phone tap.
They thought their mule
was in an accident.
Turns out it was a pickup
on Interstate 55.
When's he due to arrive?
9:00 p.m.
That puts us five hours out.
So if we have
local law enforcement
stop vehicles
of that description.
do a random road check.
we can catch this guy without
tipping off the cartel.
This is the guy
you think is moving
over 100 kilos
into Chicago a month?
Mmm-hmm.
100 kilos is overzealous.
considering
we're only confiscating
five kilos a month.
Is that a yes or a no?
Yes.
But I want busts. Agent Bates.
Congratulations. my friend.
About what?
You just broke the record.
- Really?
- Yeah.
282 keys in one load.
Oh. my God.
Okay.
The main boss
is really happy about this.
- Yeah. Good.
- He wants to meet you.
- Does he? Does he? Okay.
- Yeah.
Beautiful.
Hola. papi.
Hi. gals. Wow.
- Laton.
- Oh.
Ah.
Welcome to Mexico.
Mr. Stone.
Hi. Mr. Laton.
Yes. how are you?
Who do you have to kill
to get a place like this?
Oh. many. many people.
I mean. it's really beautiful.
- Thank you.
- My. my.
What's your pleasure?
What would you like?
I'll have a double.
How was the flight? Good?
Uh. you know.
it was really good.
Really good. A little bumpy.
Thank you.
But not too bad.
- Let me show you around.
- It was good.
Don't hurt yourself.
Earl. I want to
introduce you to somebody.
Okay.
- Hi.
- Hello.
Thank you. Thank you. too.
I want you to take good care
of Earl tonight. okay?
Tuck him in and stay with him.
Make him feel good.
Of course.
Don't hurt yourself. Tata.
I won't.
Ah...
- Ah. this is...
- Lay down.
- Beautiful.
- Oh. yeah.
- Yeah.
- Do you like it?
Huh?
I love it. Oh. God.
Sweetheart.
Wow. What do we have here?
Oh! You guys having some fun?
Well. we were just relaxing
a little bit. It was nothing.
I think we'd rather have fun.
I think that a little heart
medicine wouldn't hurt.
You're fine. Here. let me grab
these lights for you.
- One light will do.
- Yeah. get comfy.
I need to call
a cardiologist.
Doctor Clark.
Hey!
Mr. Life Of The Party.
- Yeah.
- You having fun?
- Yeah. I am.
- Yeah. you are.
- I saw you.
- I was having fun all right.
I've been looking for you.
- For me?
- I was looking for you.
Oh. yeah?
Yeah. I thought I'd give you
a little advice.
You're...
You're giving me advice?
Yeah. Yeah. I...
I pass.
I think you ought to quit.
Quit? Quit what?
Quit this.
Quit here. These people
don't give a crap about you.
You know. you could quit.
find something
you really love to do.
And then go after it.
Wait. wait. wait.
what are you talking about?
Let me tell you
something. okay?
This is my family.
This is my home.
- Yeah.
- Okay? Laton...
He pulled me from the streets.
I was nobody. I was nothing.
Okay? He gave me everything.
And here. I'm somebody.
Yeah.
Yeah. So what are you
talking about?
Well...
Hell. just an idea. you know?
Earl. Earl. Wait. No. no.
Where are you going?
Hey. I'm gonna go
up to my room.
There I'm somebody.
No one wants
to tip off the cartel.
but we have to show some kind
of progress with this case.
But you're talking about
a PR stunt.
In Arlington. there's a table
of administrators
sitting around just like us.
only they're wondering
what the hell we're doing.
and if maybe someone else
wouldn't be more productive.
Hmm.
We need busts.
Agent Bates.
Well. there's an alleged.
uh. stash house
that might be getting
a shipment
in the next couple of days.
That's more like it.
- Possible busts.
- Good.
Have to look like
local PD. though.
To the cartel.
Our report will reflect
it's from our operation.
Do it. But I want busts.
You heard the man.
It's tricky.
Splish-splash.
Any last minute orders?
Yeah. Nobody shoot me.
unless absolutely necessary.
Nah. it's your show. Captain.
We're just tourists here.
All right. gentlemen.
you heard the man.
Business as usual.
Weapons hot.
Police!
Get down!
Get on the ground!
Move! Stay down!
Get down! Get down!
Get on the ground!
Don't even think about it.
Don't move!
Five of these.
We got
what they wanted. I suppose.
Yeah. Two nobody illegals
and a few bags of coke
to lay out for the press.
Guess now I can retire.
Glam Cosmetology welcomes
the friends and family
of our graduates.
Thank you so much
for being here today
to honor these lovely young
men and women
who are following
their dreams.
We are so proud
of our graduates.
You're a glutton
for punishment.
No.
I'll have you know
I was invited.
And now
they are moving on
to the next chapter
of their lives.
Tonight. you are barbers.
hair designers...
What are you wearing?
It's just a gold bracelet.
You like it?
We all need
to take a pause
and savor this day.
Reflect on the journey.
the challenges.
and the obstacles...
What are you doing here?
I'm just trying to make up
for lost time.
And. uh. I do feel that
education is important.
Well. thank God
she finally scrounged up
enough money to finish school.
Yeah. Thank God.
You? Impossible.
What's the matter? You okay?
It's nothing. it's nothing.
It comes and goes.
- It's nothing.
- All right.
No worries. no worries.
I'm fine.
- All right.
- I'm fine.
Pull!
Gracias.
Gustavo.
Laton is gone.
He was getting too lenient.
The DEA is cracking down.
and I'm not gonna
rot in prison
because of his deficiencies.
So. I got rid of him.
It's my show now.
Hmm.
No more tardiness.
No more going off radar.
Everything goes
according to plan.
No deviations. no excuses.
Everybody gets
with the program.
or they go away.
I don't care who it is.
And yes. this goes
for your gringo. too.
You have a problem with that?
No.
Here's your burger.
- Thank you.
Change of plans. viejo.
You follow us.
Where are we going?
Get out.
It's so quiet out here.
No one for miles.
I want you to
listen carefully. viejo.
There's new rules.
You show up on time.
You leave on time.
No unscheduled stops.
No fucking bullshit. man.
All orders are to be
followed to the letter.
We have a gift for you.
Sal.
Go. Open. viejo.
It's a phone for you.
This one you keep.
You keep it on you
at all times.
That's someone
who didn't follow orders.
So you know the routes.
We're not gonna babysit you.
but we have eyes everywhere.
We're only warning you once.
No more late shit. Earl.
New boss says.
you show up late again
and you're done.
We own your ass. cabron.
so don't be stupid.
or you disappear.
Si.
Answer that phone.
You do as you're told.
Don't be a problem.
That's what happens
when you're a problem.
You end up
in the goddamn trunk.
- Julio. mijo...
- No. no. don't "Julio" me.
We're not friends.
I'm not your mijo.
- Orale. Earl. You're back.
- Yeah.
What's up. big poppa?
Yeah. it's me.
And I gather
you guys own my ass.
Oh. come on. man.
It's not that bad.
Ready for another trip.
una mas?
Okay. All right.
Come on. viejito.
Let's make some money.
All right.
That's the spirit.
Yeah. that's the Earl I know.
Yeah!
- What did he give us?
- Nothing.
But from the wiretap.
we know where
the mule's going.
We know his exact route.
So this time. we don't use
local PD or state troopers.
It's Agent Trevino and myself
in an undercover vehicle.
Agent Brown
in an unmarked making stops.
- An aircraft.
- And?
And that's it. We pull
the plug on the whole thing.
All the surveillance.
all the wiretapping.
man-hours. everything.
it all comes to a head.
It's a lot of busts.
- Go get 'er done.
- Okay.
All right.
let's see what we got.
They look funny.
Nah. between the two of them.
they got no more than three
grams of coke. guaranteed.
Brown. you see this?
Yeah. let's pull him over.
I'm slowly exiting
my vehicle.
- How you doing?
- I'm not a threat. sir.
- Please don't shoot me.
- All right.
Please don't shoot me.
- Don't worry about it.
- I'm complying.
Relax. Relax.
Put your hands on the hood.
- My hands are on the vehicle.
- Great.
You don't have any weapons
on you. do you. man?
- No. sir. no weapons.
- All right.
I'm very tense right now.
Do you have
any drugs in the car?
No drugs. Not high.
don't have any drugs.
never had any drugs.
Okay. All right.
You know.
statistically speaking.
this is the most dangerous
five minutes of my life.
Being pulled over
by law enforcement.
It's okay.
Take it easy. Just breathe.
You want me to breathe?
You want me to relax?
The chances of me dying
during a routine traffic stop
are greater than...
I don't even know.
It's the most dangerous
five minutes of my life. man.
being pulled over
by law enforcement.
I don't speak Spanish.
I... I'm no threat.
That's you?
- Car is clean.
- Okay.
Sorry to inconvenience you.
Have a good day. sir.
Thank you
for your service. Officer.
Thank you. gentlemen.
Have a good day.
How we looking up there.
anything?
No.
I got no more. man.
Yeah. he's not here.
Hey. Luis.
You don't have him. do you?
No. Why?
He'll be at the Honest Abe
Motel off Interstate 55.
Well. that's rather specific.
Tata had to get permission
from his handler
to stop for the night.
Does that prove my worth?
We'll see.
Says he's got a location
on him. Honest Abe Motel.
Let's check it out.
It would work a lot better
if you get that damn phone
out of your hand.
Did I ask for your
fucking advice. grandpa?
Past your fucking
bedtime anyway.
All right. scratch 109.
That's just a young couple
- with kids and a toddler.
- All right.
No.
We got a possible in 203.
Solo male. mid-30s.
Oh. wait. wait. wait.
What's that. right there?
You think that's our guy?
Could be.
How do you wanna play it?
You wanna get local
police here on a noise call?
Disorderly conduct?
No. let's just have homeboy
run into the wrong guy.
- Everything all right?
- Yeah.
except I'm trying to avoid
some big asshole
who's going around here
banging his cell phone
on the ice machine down there.
I don't know what it is with
you guys and your generation.
"You guys"?
Jesus.
Don't you guys live life
for something outside
the goddamn phone?
The fuck are you doing?
Fuck. I thought
this was my room.
Yeah? Well. it's not.
Wake the fuck up. asshole.
Oh. fuck you. bro.
What did you say to me?
I said. "Fuck you."
I don't know
if you've heard the news.
but it's a felony
to assault a DEA Agent.
- A what?
- DEA Agent.
Fuck.
Yeah. it's less than an ounce.
Maybe 15 grams.
See what's in his pickup.
Ah. fuck. It's not him.
Maybe there's another Honest
Abe Motel or maybe it's code?
What do you wanna
do with this guy?
Uh. call local PD.
give them the half-ounce
of meth and we keep going.
Start back up at 6:00 a.m.
Get some rest.
Come on.
- Miss?
- Hi.
Yeah. I'll have
a cup of coffee
and maybe you'd fill
that thermos for me?
- Sure thing.
- Thank you.
Can I get the. uh. check.
when you get the chance?
Absolutely.
Morning.
Oh. shit. It's the fifth.
Hmm.
Oh. shit.
I know a lot
about "oh. shits."
Is that a missed birthday
or what?
Anniversary.
Jesus. I'm an idiot.
Yeah.
Yeah. I am.
Sure.
Yeah. you know. she doesn't
say. "Happy anniversary."
Just let it sit out there.
waiting for me to remember.
That was really
something yesterday.
down at the motel.
The way you took
that guy down.
That was something else.
I tell you.
Sorry if we caused you
any disturbance.
No. no. It didn't disturb me.
It was...
That was unfortunate.
Well...
You gotta think
about the family.
Ah. yeah.
Each anniversary's important.
But you've got to think
about it because
women love that shit.
you know?
But. you know. I'm the king
of missing anniversaries.
- Oh. yeah?
- That's the problem. Yes.
Well. it's the first one
I've missed. so...
Good luck.
Don't follow my footsteps
and do what I did.
I put work in front of family.
Family's the most
important thing.
Work's fine.
if it's in second position.
But first position
should be family.
I've learned that
the hard way.
My daughter
won't even speak to me.
Haven't talked to
in 12 and a half years.
Jesus.
Twelve and a half years.
It's like I never...
Like they were never there.
or something.
But. uh. anyway.
- I'd better pay you.
- Oh. thank you.
Here. you keep that.
- Thank you.
- That's fine.
Just what you needed.
some asshole sitting here.
telling you about
what you should do
in your personal life.
No. not at all.
Anyway. I want to
wish you good luck.
You'll need it.
And. uh. thank you
for the advice.
It's good to talk to one
of you guys. once in a while.
- "You guys"?
- You know.
- What kind of guys?
- You're just willing to...
You know.
you've lived so long.
I think you've probably
lost your filter.
Really. I never realized
I ever had one.
- All right. Take it easy.
- You. too.
Excuse me. sir.
Forgot this.
Oh.
Thank you very much.
- Have a good day.
- You. too.
Hello. Ginny.
Grandpa Earl.
it's Grandma Mary.
She's sick. Like. sick sick.
We're at the hospital.
but they're sending her home.
Oh. well. that's good.
That's good
that they're sending her home.
No. it's bad.
They did all these
tests and scan shit.
but it doesn't matter.
They said she should've...
She should've come in.
like. a year ago.
Grandpa Earl. are you there?
Yeah.
You have to come.
like. right now.
Ginny. I can't.
What? Why?
They said it could be
any day now.
I've got this schedule.
It's really tight.
I've just got so many things.
I can't do it.
Yeah. right.
I took shit for years.
sticking up for you.
What an idiot!
It turns out.
I was wrong the whole time.
Ginny...
I'm sorry.
If I could drop everything
and go do it. I would.
But I'm sorry...
- You came?
- Yeah.
Where's your mom?
She's in her bedroom.
Okay. I'm gonna go in.
Hello. Mary.
Earl.
what do you want?
You're not in the will
or anything.
Oh.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
I didn't mean to say that.
I'm just scared. is all.
Yeah.
Well. the only person
who wants to live to 100
is a 99-year-old. anyway.
I'm sorry. Mary.
I'm... I'm sorry
for everything.
You lived
to get back out there.
All the conventions
and the socializing and being
the center of attention.
They got the fun.
wonderful man that you are.
And we got the Earl
who just couldn't wait
to get back out there.
Yeah.
Well. you're right.
I thought it was
more important
to be somebody out there
than the damn failure I was
here at my own home.
Anyway. for what it's worth.
I'm here now.
I don't know why.
but for some reason.
I'm so glad you're here.
Yeah.
Thank you.
No answer. again.
No good. Earl. No good.
We're going to end
that fucking Tata.
Was supposed to be here
a day ago.
Maybe the kid lied.
Maybe.
Hang on. there's
a call coming from inside.
They don't know
where he is either.
They sound pissed.
Say when they find him.
they're gonna kill him.
Mmm.
- You all right?
- Mmm-hmm.
Mmm. Good.
Earl.
Tell me something?
Yeah. anything.
How did you come into
all that money?
Well. I just...
Well. I'm not gonna
lie to you.
I'm a high-end gigolo.
- Bounty hunter?
- Come on.
Seriously. come on.
- All right. seriously.
- Mmm-hmm.
I've become a drug mule
for the cartel.
And I've got
305 kilos of cocaine
sitting right in the back
of my truck out there.
You're never gonna tell me.
Well. whatever you did.
you didn't have to get rich
for us to want you around.
Yeah.
I see you finally
came out here.
See. she didn't completely
throw you away.
No.
I failed you. Iris.
I was a terrible father.
terrible husband.
I just blew it. that's all.
Blew my chance.
I don't think so.
I think you're just
a late bloomer.
Yeah.
They're shitting bricks.
They haven't heard from him
in over a week.
And it's like 12 mil
worth of coke.
so. I mean. they got people
swarming the highways.
Good.
We have new information
on Tata.
I have new information.
from my boss.
- It's time to wrap this up.
- Come on. we can get this guy.
- Oh. it's been months. Colin.
- So what's a couple more days?
Look. we don't even know
if the guy is still out there.
You've been allotted
as much time and resources
as we can give to anyone.
You did good work.
If you had a few more days
while we finalize
the warrants.
what's your plan?
Follow his followers.
We tapped the phones
of a couple cartel guys
that are also looking for him.
Okay. do it.
Thank you.
What? You okay?
It's all right.
You were the love of my life
and the pain of my life.
I need you to know.
it's all the world to me
that you're here.
I love you. Mary.
More today than yesterday?
But not as much as tomorrow.
Oh. Oh.
I knew Mary
well enough to know
that there was
no better friend.
no better mother.
no better mentor.
No better listener
to those in need.
The light that
she carried through
in her soul and her spirit
is something that
we should carry on
in our own daily lives.
The optimism. the hopefulness.
even at the end of her days.
"Everything works out
better than expected."
she always used to say.
We will miss her.
but she would not
want us to mourn today.
- Thank you. sir.
- Very sorry.
- Thank you very much.
- Yes. sir.
- Thank you.
- Very. very sorry.
Yeah.
Hey. Dad.
The flowers
were really lovely.
Oh. well. thank you. dear.
Glad you liked them.
We'd. uh...
We'd like to invite you
to Thanksgiving.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Wouldn't miss it
for the world.
Good.
That's him right there.
Where you been. Earl?
I've been unavailable.
Why you making us
have to do this. hmm?
You were warned. viejo.
"Celebrating the life
of Mary Stone."
Who the fuck is Mary Stone?
- Huh?
- That's my wife. She passed.
Yeah. I know I was warned.
I went AWOL anyway so...
I won't feel
no ill will if you...
Whatever goes on here.
Just go ahead.
Do the fucking...
Do what you have to do.
Gustavo. we found him.
Wait.
They're talking about Tata.
He was at a funeral.
His wife was dying of cancer.
Pero now
he's finishing the run.
Sounds like they're with him.
He was warned.
I don't care.
Si. si. si.
They're gonna kill him.
Gustavo.
he's the best mule we have.
I need a lock on a GPS now.
And get the chopper
in the air.
Okay.
Let him finish his drop.
If he fails. it's your head.
Get it done.
Okay.
We have
a location on that GPS track.
Illinois. a quarter mile east
off Interstate 55. exit 224.
All right. here we go.
Suspect is moving northbound.
Unit one. go ahead and block
all northbound traffic.
Units two and three.
box him in once we're in position.
- Roger that.
- All right. here we go.
It all comes down right here.
All right. here we go.
Charlie 223.
helo 17 on top.
Air team.
we have a visual.
Be smart. Slow down.
All right.
Let's go.
Step out of the vehicle
with your hands up!
Get out of the car!
Driver. step out
of the vehicle.
Put your hands in the air!
Get out
of the fucking vehicle now!
Get out of the car!
Step out of the vehicle!
Put your hands
above your head!
Keep your hands in the air!
Step away from the vehicle!
Let me see your hands!
Put your hands in the air!
- Your hands!
- Step away from the vehicle!
Turn around.
face the other way!
- Turn around!
- Turn around
- and face the other way!
- Turn around!
Put your hands
behind your head
and interlace your fingers.
Now I want you to take
steps back towards me
to the sound of my voice.
There you go.
That's it. keep coming.
Here we go.
That's it.
You.
Yeah.
Do you need
more staties here?
No. no. no.
We're just gonna talk.
Okay. All right.
What happened to your face?
Nothing.
I just got what I damn
well deserved. is all.
And the suit?
Went to a funeral.
My ex-wife's funeral.
I'm sorry.
Lucky. actually. I got to
spend some time with her.
She let me in
and my whole family let me in.
My daughter. everybody.
Is this the daughter
that wouldn't talk to you?
Yeah.
That's right.
You remember that. huh?
- I do.
- Huh.
Well...
Am I the guy who's responsible
for you missing
your anniversary?
You know. it's funny.
After all this work
and the time away.
you. of all people.
were right.
I ain't been right
about much in life.
Well. you made things
straight with your family.
Yeah.
I'm glad for you.
That's the thing.
You just remember that.
You remember that
with your family.
You don't need
all that other shit.
I'll try to.
You take care
of yourself. okay?
- You. too.
- Yeah.
Hang in there.
Earl Stone is a man
who served his country.
fought for our freedom.
and now faces
the loss of his own.
Murdering cartel thugs
who not only took advantage
of his good nature.
but also his advanced age.
his vulnerability.
Your Honor...
Guilty.
Earl.
Mr. Stone. you should
talk to your attorney.
Earl. don't do this.
- Earl...
- Guilty. Your Honor.
I did it.
Mr. Stone. are you pleading
guilty on all charges?
Yes.
Bailiff.
Take him into custody.
Mr. Stone. you are remanded
into federal prison.
You did a good job.
We'll come visit you
every chance we can.
Thanks.
Mike and I will
look after the farm.
Don't you worry. Grandpa.
I know you will.
It's just time. is all.
I could buy anything.
but I couldn't buy time.
It's okay. We love you.
All right. Thank you.
At least we'll always know
where you are.
Court is adjourned.
- Good work. Special Agent.
- Thank you. sir.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Sync by GoldenBeard